SCP -> BTP, Cloud Foundry - Cloud Foundry environment (#199)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/related-projects/xsuaa.mdx

  - sap cloud sdk
---

> ## What is User Account and Authentication for Cloud Foundry environment?

Author: ```suggestion
## What is User Account and Authentication for Cloud Foundry Environment?
```

> ## What is User Account and Authentication for Cloud Foundry Environment?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What are the User Account and Authentication for Cloud Foundry?
```

> [Cloud Foundry environment](https://help.sap.com/viewer/3504ec5ef16548778610c7e89cc0eac3/Cloud/en-US/9c7092c7b7ae4d49bc8ae35fdd0e0b18.html) is one of the key environments of the [SAP Business Technology Platform](https://www.sap.com/products/cloud-platform.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cloud Foundry](https://help.sap.com/viewer/3504ec5ef16548778610c7e89cc0eac3/Cloud/en-US/9c7092c7b7ae4d49bc8ae35fdd0e0b18.html) is one of the key environments of the [SAP Business Technology Platform](https://www.sap.com/products/cloud-platform.html).
```

> [User Account and Authentication (UAA)](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/concepts/architecture/uaa.html) is the identity and management service for Cloud Foundry environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[User Account and Authentication (UAA)](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/concepts/architecture/uaa.html) is the identity and management service for Cloud Foundry.
```

## SAP Business Technology Platform XSUAA Service

[XSUAA](https://help.sap.com/viewer/65de2977205c403bbc107264b8eccf4b/Cloud/en-US/ea0281368f11472b8d2b145a2a28666c.html) is an implementation of UAA service from SAP to be used with SAP Business Technology Platform.

> It greatly extends capabilities for Cloud Foundry environment UAA service by providing:

Author: ```suggestion
It greatly extends capabilities for SAP BTP Cloud Foundry environment UAA service by providing:
```

> It greatly extends capabilities for SAP BTP Cloud Foundry environment UAA service by providing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It greatly extends capabilities for the SAP BTP UAA service for the Cloud Foundry environment by providing:
```
